Delegated CA	LoA 3 NOT ALLOW	LoA 2	LoA 1
Certificate Authority	❌	Must protect CA Private Key in approved KMS. Protection in Transit, at Rest and minimal Run Time Protection Must Use Memory Encryption in Use. Instances with AMD processor or if not possible with Intel capabilities.	Must protect CA Private Key in HSM FIPS 140-3 Level 3,4 Protection in Transit, at Rest and in Use. CAs private keys non exportable hosted in HSM managed by the organisation or hosted in HSM providing same level of control. level of control are Authenticators, logging, security controls on the cryptographic domain protecting the private key. Must be closer to Seal Wrap for Hashi Corp.
Registration Authority	❌	Must verify the identity to ensure the authenticity of certificate requests. Achieve this through: Registration workflows and policies. An automated protocol with authentication or a challenge as identity proof. Should provide an automated identity verification process.	Must verify the identity to ensure the authenticity of certificate requests. Achieve this through: Registration workflows and policies. An automated protocol with authentication or a challenge as identity proof. Must provide an automated identity verification process.
Policy Authority	❌	The CA owner and RA are accountable to be audited by the PA CP/CPS	The CA owner and RA are accountable to be audited by the PA CP/CPS
Observability Pipeline	❌	Must Publish Certificate (CAs, leaf, CRL) to Data Lake Auditability and logging Extended to some operations.	Must Publish Certificate (CAs, leaf, CRL) to Data Lake Auditability and logging Extended to all operations.
Certificate-Revocation	❌	Revocation available for LLC, SLC Must Publish CRL available to the Wide Trust Environment	Revocation available for LLC, SLC Must Publish CRL available to the Wide Trust Environment
Certificate-Renewal	❌	Should Automate renewal for machine certificates. Automation Based on Assessment	Should Automate renewal for all certificates.
Certificate-Ownership	❌	Should contain the JACKS Ownership Extension	Should contain the JACKS Ownership Extension
Certificate - Identity	❌	Refer to the Table in section #2. Must not attest Local Identity, Federated Identity. Must not attest certain Entity strictly reserved to the Wide Trust CA (User, Laptop, Devices)	Refer to the Table in section #2. Must not attest Local Identity, Federated Identity. Must not attest certain Entity strictly reserved to the Wide Trust CA (User, Laptop, Devices)
